du: add example (#12689)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/du.md

- List the human-readable size of all `.jpg` files in subdirectories of the current directory, and show a cumulative total at the end:

`du -ch {{*/*.jpg}}`

> - List all files and directories (including hidden ones) above a certain [t]hreshold size (useful for investingating what is taking up space):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List all files and directories (including hidden ones) above a certain [t]hreshold size (useful for investigating what is actually taking up the space):
```
